                                          Basic Syntax and Operations (Beginner)
Write a code to reverse a string. (Beginner)
Write a code to check if a string is a palindrome. (Beginner)
Write a code to find the factorial of a number. (Beginner)
Write a code to sum all the numbers in an array. (Beginner)
Write a code to find the largest number in an array. (Beginner)
Write a code to count the number of vowels in a string. (Beginner)
Write a code to merge two arrays. (Beginner)
Write a code to remove duplicates from an array. (Beginner)
Write a code to sort an array of numbers in ascending order. (Beginner)
Write a code to find the longest word in a string. (Beginner)
Write a code to count the number of words in a string. (Beginner)
Write a code to check if a number is prime. (Beginner)
Write a code to find the GCD of two numbers. (Beginner)
Write a code to find the LCM of two numbers. (Beginner)
Write a code to convert a number to binary. (Beginner)
Write a code to convert a binary number to decimal. (Beginner)
Write a code to flatten a nested array. (Intermediate)
Write a code to find the intersection of two arrays. (Intermediate)
Write a code to find the union of two arrays. (Intermediate)
Write a code to check if a string is an anagram of another string. (Intermediate)
Write a code to find the second largest number in an array. (Beginner)
Write a code to remove a specific element from an array. (Beginner)
Write a code to find the index of an element in an array. (Beginner)
Write a code to clone an array. (Beginner)
Write a code to get the last element of an array. (Beginner)
Write a code to shuffle the elements of an array. (Intermediate)
Write a code to create a range of numbers as an array. (Intermediate)
Write a code to find the sum of squares of numbers in an array. (Intermediate)
Write a code to find the common elements in three arrays. (Intermediate)
Write a code to rotate an array by a given number of positions. (Intermediate)
Write a code to find the missing number in an array of 1 to N. (Intermediate)
Write a code to find the mode of an array. (Intermediate)
Write a code to check if two arrays are equal. (Intermediate)
Write a code to find the median of an array. (Intermediate)
Write a code to group elements of an array based on a given function. (Intermediate)
Write a code to remove falsy values from an array. (Intermediate)
Write a code to get the unique values of an array. (Intermediate)
Write a code to count the occurrences of each element in an array. (Intermediate)
Write a code to split an array into chunks of a given size. (Intermediate)
                                     Strings and Regular Expressions (Beginner to Intermediate)
Write a code to count the number of characters in a string. (Beginner)
Write a code to convert a string to uppercase. (Beginner)
Write a code to convert a string to lowercase. (Beginner)
Write a code to capitalize the first letter of each word in a string. (Beginner)
Write a code to check if a string contains a substring. (Beginner)
Write a code to replace all instances of a substring in a string. (Beginner)
Write a code to remove whitespace from a string. (Beginner)
Write a code to repeat a string a given number of times. (Beginner)
Write a code to split a string into an array of words. (Beginner)
Write a code to join an array of words into a string. (Beginner)
Write a code to find the first non-repeating character in a string. (Intermediate)
Write a code to reverse the words in a string. (Intermediate)
Write a code to check if a string is a valid email address. (Intermediate)
Write a code to check if a string is a valid URL. (Intermediate)
Write a code to extract the domain name from a URL. (Intermediate)
Write a code to check if a string is a valid IP address. (Intermediate)
Write a code to find all the numbers in a string. (Intermediate)
Write a code to find and replace the nth occurrence of a substring in a string. (Intermediate)
Write a code to check if a string starts with a given substring. (Beginner)
Write a code to check if a string ends with a given substring. (Beginner)
                                            Functions and Scope (Intermediate)
Write a code to calculate the sum of an unknown number of arguments. (Intermediate)
Write a code to calculate the average of an unknown number of arguments. (Intermediate)
Write a code to memoize another function. (Advanced)
Write a code to create a closure. (Intermediate)
Write a code to debounce another function. (Advanced)
Write a code to throttle another function. (Advanced)
Write a code to curry another function. (Advanced)
Write a code to compose multiple functions. (Advanced)
Write a code to partially apply arguments to another function. (Advanced)
Write a code to delay the execution of another function. (Intermediate)
Write a code to check if a variable is defined. (Beginner)
Write a code to check if a variable is a code. (Beginner)
Write a code to check if a variable is an object. (Beginner)
Write a code to check if a variable is an array. (Beginner)
Write a code to check if a variable is a string. (Beginner)
Write a code to check if a variable is a number. (Beginner)
Write a code to check if a variable is null. (Beginner)
Write a code to check if a variable is undefined. (Beginner)
Write a code to check if a variable is NaN. (Beginner)
Write a code to check if a variable is a boolean. (Beginner)
                                           Objects and Classes (Intermediate to Advanced)
Write a code to create a deep copy of an object. (Intermediate)
Write a code to merge two objects. (Intermediate)
Write a code to check if an object is empty. (Intermediate)
Write a code to get the keys of an object. (Beginner)
Write a code to get the values of an object. (Beginner)
Write a code to get the entries of an object. (Intermediate)
Write a code to invert the keys and values of an object. (Intermediate)
Write a code to check if an object contains a specific key. (Intermediate)
Write a code to check if an object contains a specific value. (Intermediate)
Write a code to create an object from two arrays (one of keys and one of values). (Intermediate)
Write a code to freeze an object. (Intermediate)
Write a code to seal an object. (Intermediate)
Write a code to compare two objects for equality. (Advanced)
Write a code to find the difference between two objects. (Advanced)
Write a code to get the prototype of an object. (Intermediate)
Write a code to set the prototype of an object. (Intermediate)
Write a code to extend a class. (Intermediate)
Write a code to create a mixin. (Advanced)
Write a code to implement inheritance using prototypes. (Advanced)
Write a code to create a private variable using closures. (Advanced)
                                           Asynchronous JavaScript (Intermediate to Advanced)
Write a code to create a promise. (Intermediate)
Write a code to chain promises. (Intermediate)
Write a code to handle promise rejection. (Intermediate)
Write a code to run multiple promises in parallel. (Advanced)
Write a code to run multiple promises in sequence. (Advanced)
Write a code to race multiple promises. (Advanced)
Write a code to delay a promise. (Intermediate)
Write a code to retry a promise a given number of times. (Advanced)
Write a code to convert a callback-based function to a promise-based one. (Advanced)
Write a code to create an async function. (Intermediate)
Write a code to handle errors in an async function. (Intermediate)
Write a code to use async/await with a for loop. (Advanced)
Write a code to use async/await with a forEach loop. (Advanced)
Write a code to use async/await with map. (Advanced)
Write a code to fetch data from an API. (Intermediate)
Write a code to post data to an API. (Intermediate)
Write a code to handle timeouts in async functions. (Advanced)
Write a code to implement a simple event emitter. (Advanced)
Write a code to implement a simple event listener. (Advanced)
Write a code to create a custom event. (Advanced)
                                           DOM Manipulation (Beginner to Intermediate)
Write a code to select an element by ID. (Beginner)
Write a code to select elements by class name. (Beginner)
Write a code to select elements by tag name. (Beginner)
Write a code to select elements using a CSS selector. (Beginner)
Write a code to add a class to an element. (Beginner)
Write a code to remove a class from an element. (Beginner)
Write a code to toggle a class on an element. (Beginner)
Write a code to check if an element has a specific class. (Beginner)
Write a code to set an attribute on an element. (Beginner)
Write a code to get an attribute from an element. (Beginner)
Write a code to remove an attribute from an element. (Beginner)
Write a code to set the inner HTML of an element. (Beginner)
Write a code to get the inner HTML of an element. (Beginner)
Write a code to set the text content of an element. (Beginner)
Write a code to get the text content of an element. (Beginner)
Write a code to create a new element. (Beginner)
Write a code to append a child element to a parent element. (Beginner)
Write a code to remove a child element from a parent element. (Beginner)
Write a code to replace a child element with another element. (Intermediate)
Write a code to clone an element. (Intermediate)
Write a code to get the parent element of an element. (Beginner)
Write a code to get the child elements of an element. (Beginner)
Write a code to get the siblings of an element. (Beginner)
Write a code to add an event listener to an element. (Beginner)
Write a code to remove an event listener from an element. (Beginner)
Write a code to dispatch a custom event on an element. (Intermediate)
Write a code to get the computed style of an element. (Intermediate)
Write a code to set the style of an element. (Intermediate)
Write a code to get the position of an element relative to the document. (Intermediate)
Write a code to scroll an element into view. (Intermediate)
                                         Error Handling and Debugging (Intermediate to Advanced)
Write a code to catch and handle errors in synchronous code. (Intermediate)
Write a code to catch and handle errors in asynchronous code. (Intermediate)
Write a code to create a custom error class. (Intermediate)
Write a code to log errors to the console. (Beginner)
Write a code to log errors to a remote server. (Advanced)
Write a code to create a try/catch block. (Beginner)
Write a code to create a try/catch/finally block. (Beginner)
Write a code to rethrow an error. (Intermediate)
Write a code to handle uncaught exceptions. (Advanced)
Write a code to handle unhandled promise rejections. (Advanced)
                                             Web APIs and Browser (Intermediate to Advanced)
Write a code to use the Fetch API to make GET requests. (Intermediate)
Write a code to use the Fetch API to make POST requests. (Intermediate)
Write a code to handle Fetch API errors. (Intermediate)
Write a code to use the Web Storage API (localStorage). (Intermediate)
Write a code to use the Web Storage API (sessionStorage). (Intermediate)
Write a code to use the Web Workers API. (Advanced)
Write a code to use the Service Workers API. (Advanced)
Write a code to use the IndexedDB API. (Advanced)
Write a code to use the Notification API. (Advanced)
Write a code to use the Geolocation API. (Intermediate)
Write a code to use the WebSocket API. (Advanced)
Write a code to use the File API to read and write files. (Advanced)
Write a code to use the WebGL API. (Advanced)
Write a code to use the MediaDevices API to access the camera. (Advanced)
Write a code to use the MediaRecorder API to record audio. (Advanced)
Write a code to use the SpeechSynthesis API to perform text-to-speech. (Advanced)
Write a code to use the SpeechRecognition API for speech-to-text. (Advanced)
Write a code to use the Payment Request API. (Advanced)